XRTpy v0.6.0
=========================

New Features
------------
- Introduced :class:`~xrtpy.xrt_dem_iterative.XRTDEMIterative`, a Python
  implementation of the IDL routine ``xrt_dem_iterative2.pro``. This solver
  uses spline-parameterized DEM curves and iterative least-squares fitting to
  infer the differential emission measure from Hinode/XRT multi-filter
  observations. (`#PR <https://github.com/HinodeXRT/xrtpy/pull/PR>`__)
- Added Monte Carlo uncertainty estimation to the DEM solver through the
  ``monte_carlo_runs`` parameter. Perturbed intensity realizations are used
  to estimate the spread in DEM(T).
- Added support for user-supplied intensity uncertainties through the
  ``intensity_errors`` parameter. If not provided, the default uncertainty is
  ``max(0.03 * intensity, 2 DN/s/pix)``, matching the IDL behavior.
- Added ``plot_dem()`` and ``plot_dem_mc()`` methods to
  :class:`~xrtpy.xrt_dem_iterative.XRTDEMIterative` for visualizing the base
  DEM solution and Monte Carlo ensemble.
- Added a ``summary()`` method to
  :class:`~xrtpy.xrt_dem_iterative.XRTDEMIterative` that reports the solver
  configuration, inputs, and results.

Documentation Updates
---------------------
- Added a new DEM overview page introducing DEM analysis with Hinode/XRT,
  describing the mathematical background, and providing worked examples
  using :class:`~xrtpy.xrt_dem_iterative.XRTDEMIterative`.
- Added an API reference page for ``xrtpy.xrt_dem_iterative``.
- Updated the general documentation, including the XRT overview, getting
  started guide, glossary, and documentation index. (`#398
  <https://github.com/HinodeXRT/xrtpy/pull/398>`__)

Testing and Infrastructure
--------------------------
- Enabled parallel test execution and improved pytest output and test
  distribution settings. (`#400
  <https://github.com/HinodeXRT/xrtpy/pull/400>`__)
- Added Python 3.14 to the supported Python versions and continuous
  integration test matrix. (`#401
  <https://github.com/HinodeXRT/xrtpy/pull/401>`__)

Compatibility
-------------
- Requires Python 3.11 or later.
- Added support for Python 3.14. (`#401
  <https://github.com/HinodeXRT/xrtpy/pull/401>`__)
- Added dependencies on ``lmfit`` and ``scipy``.
